Transaction:-
A transaction is a batch of SQL statements that behaves like a single unit. In simple words, a transaction is a unit 
where a sequence of work is done to complete the whole activity.

ACID properties:-
    When a transaction processing system creates a transaction, it will ensure that the transaction will have certain characteristics. 
    The developers of the components that comprise the transaction are assured that these characteristics are in place. 
    They do not need to manage these characteristics themselves. These characteristics are known as the ACID properties. 
    ACID is an acronym for 
    • Atomicity, 
    • Consistency, 
    • Isolation, and 
    • Durability. 
    
 • Atomicity (All or NoThing Transactions):-
The atomicity property identifies that the transaction is atomic. An atomic transaction is either fully completed, or is not begun at 
all.An example of an atomic transaction is an account transfer transaction. The money is removed from account A then placed into 
account B. If the system fails after removing the money from account A, then the transaction processing system will put the money back 
into account A,thus returning the system to its original state. This is known as a rollback. Features to consider for atomicity:
                      atomicity is maintained in the presence of deadlocks
                      atomicity is maintained in the presence of database software failures
                      atomicity is maintained in the presence of application software failures
                      atomicity is maintained in the presence of CPU failures
                      atomicity is maintained in the presence of disk failures
                      atomicity can be turned off at the system level
                      atomicity can be turned off at the session level
                      
  • Consistency: - (Guarantees that a transaction never leaves your database in a half-finished state.)
Consistency says that after the completion of a transaction, changes made during the transaction should be consistent. 
For example, if account “A” has been debited by 200 RS then after completion of transaction account “B” should be credited by 200 RS. 
It means changes should be consistent.  

  • Isolation: - (Transactions are Independent)
Isolation states that every transaction should be isolated with each other, there should not be any interference between 
two transactions.

  • Durability: - (Committed data is Never Lost)
Durability means that once the transaction is completed, all the changes should be permanent,it means that in case of any 
system failure,changes should not be lost.

