SQL Fragmentation
    https://www.idera.com/productssolutions/sqlserver/sqldefragmanager/what-is-fragmentation
    https://www.toptal.com/sql/interview-questions
    
    
1. SQL Server Management Studio (SSMS):- is the client tool that can be used to write and execute SQL queries. 
        Server type = Database Engine/Analysis Services/Reporting Services/Integration Services
        Server name = server name/IP Address/127.0.0.1/.(dot)/localhost
        Authentication = Windows Authentication and SQL Server Authentication (Require UserName and Password)
        
2. System Databases:- System databases are an integral part of the SQL Server product as it depends on the System Databases 
   to function. The following are the system databases of sql server.
    Master Database:- 
    The Master database basically consists of two physical files, namely master.mdf (data file) and mastlog.ldf (log file). 
    If master database is corrupted or if it is not available then the SQL Server Service will not start.This database consists 
    of all the user created database releated information will be stored.
    Model Database:- 
    The Model database basically consists of two physical files namely Model.mdf (data file) and ModelLog.ldf (log file). 
    If the Model database is damaged or corrupted then SQL Server Service will not start up as it will not be able 
    to create the tempdb database. 
    MSDB Database:-
    The MSDB database basically consists of two physical files namely MSDBData.mdf (data file) and MSDBLog.ldf (log file). 
    If the MSDB database is corrupted or damaged then scheduling information used by SQL Server Agent will be lost. 
    TempDB Database:-
    The TempDB database basically consists of two physical files namely tempdb.mdf (data file) and templog.ldf (log file). 
    If this database is corrupted or damaged we will not be able to temparory tables.
    Resource Database:-
    The physical file names of Resource database is mssqlsystemresource.mdf and mssqlsystemresource.ldf. 
    ReportServer:-
    The ReportServer database is created when a user installs SQL Server Reporting Service. This database basically stores 
    all the metadata and object related information which is used by reporting services.The ReportServer database basically 
    consists of two physical files namely ReportServer.mdf (data file) and ReportServer_log.ldf (log file). 
    ReportServerTempDB:-
    The ReportServerTempDB database basically consists of two physical files namely ReportServerTempDB.mdf (data file) and 
    ReportServerTempDB_log.ldf (log file). 
    Distribution:- 
    The distribution database basically consists of two physical files namely distribution.mdf (data file) and 
    distribution_log.ldf (log file). By default when you are configuring replication the distribution database related data 
    and log file are created. 
    
 3. Database:
    A database is a collection of information that is organized so that it can be easily accessed, managed and updated.
    A maximum of 32,767 databases can be specified on a server.
    There are three types of files used to store a database: 
    	The primary file contains the startup information for the database. The primary file is also used to store data. 
         Every database has one primary file.
    	Secondary files hold all of the data that does not fit in the primary data file. Databases need not have any 
         secondary data files if the primary file is large enough to hold all of the data in the database. 
         Other databases may be large enough to need multiple secondary data files, or they may use secondary files on 
         separate disk drives to spread the data across multiple disks.
    	Transaction log files hold the log information used to recover the database. There must be at least one 
         transaction log file for each database, although there may be more than one. The minimum size for a 
         transaction log file is 512 KB. 
    Every database has at least two files, a primary file and a transaction log file.
    Database Files Extensions:- Primary data file(.mdf), Secondary data file(.ndf), Transaction log file(.ldf)

4. Datatypes:-Data types in SQL Server are organized into the following categories: and their bytes
        Exact numerics (bigint-8,int-4,smallint-2,tinyint-1,bit-1 bit,decimal,numeric,money-8,smallmoney-4)
        Approximate numerics (Float-4 for 7 digit precision and 8 for 15 digit precision ,real-4)
        Date and time (datetime-two 4 byte integers,smalldatetime-Two 2 byte intergers)
        Character strings(char-Each char occupies 1 byte,varchar,text)
        Unicode character strings (nchar-Each nchar occupies 2 bytes,nvarchar,ntext)
        Binary strings (binary,varbinary,image)
        Other data types(cursor,sql_variant,table,timestamp,uniqueidentifier)

5. Integrity Constraints:- Below are the Integrity Constraints
        Primary Key Constraint:-
        A table can contain only one PRIMARY KEY constraint.
        	The index generated by a PRIMARY KEY constraint cannot cause the number of indexes on the table to exceed 249 
             nonclustered indexes and 1 clustered index.
        	If CLUSTERED or NONCLUSTERED is not specified for a PRIMARY KEY constraint, CLUSTERED is used if there are 
             no clustered indexes specified for UNIQUE constraints.
        	All columns defined within a PRIMARY KEY constraint must be defined as NOT NULL. If nullability is not specified, 
             all columns participating in a PRIMARY KEY constraint have their nullability set to NOT NULL. 
             
        Foreign Key Constraint:-
        	When a value other than NULL is entered into the column of a FOREIGN KEY constraint, the value must exist in the 
             referenced column; otherwise, a foreign key violation error message is returned. 
        	FOREIGN KEY constraints can reference only tables within the same database on the same server. Cross-database 
             referential integrity must be implemented through triggers.          
        	FOREIGN KEY constraints can reference another column in the same table (a self-reference).
        	FOREIGN KEY constraints are not enforced on temporary tables.
        	A table can reference a maximum of 253 different tables in its FOREIGN KEY constraints.
        	FOREIGN KEY constraints can reference only columns in PRIMARY KEY or UNIQUE constraints in the referenced table or 
             in a UNIQUE INDEX on the referenced table. 

        
        Unique Key Constraint :-
           if CLUSTERED or NONCLUSTERED is not specified for a UNIQUE constraint, NONCLUSTERED is used by default.
        	Each UNIQUE constraint generates an index. The number of UNIQUE constraints cannot cause the number of indexes on 
             the table to exceed 249 nonclustered indexes and 1 clustered index.

        
    


    
        
 2. FillFactor: - Fill factor is the value that determines the percentage of space on each leaf-level page to be filled with data. 
    In an SQL Server, the smallest unit is a page, which is made of  Page with size 8K. Every page can store one or more rows 
    based on the size of the row. The default value of the Fill Factor is 100, which is same as value 0. 
