• What do we mean by dataflow in SSIS?
   Data flow is nothing but the flow of data from the corresponding sources to the referred destinations. 
   In this process, the data transformations make changes to the data to make it ready for the data warehouse.

• What is a breakpoint in SSIS? How is it setup? How do you disable it?
  A breakpoint is a stopping point in the code. The breakpoint can give the Developer\DBA an
  opportunity to review the status of the data, variables and the overall status of the SSIS package.
    10 unique conditions exist for each breakpoint.
  Breakpoints are setup in BIDS. In BIDS, navigate to the control flow interface. Right click on the
  object where you want to set the breakpoint and select the ‘Edit Breakpoints…’ option.
  
• Can you name of the native SSIS connection managers?
With Clear Explantion go to URL(https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms140203.aspx)
   
   ADO:-	Connects to ActiveX Data Objects (ADO) objects.
   ADO.NET:-	Connects to a data source by using a .NET provider.
   CACHE:-	Reads data from the data flow or from a cache file (.caw), and can save data to the cache file.
   DQS:- Connects to a Data Quality Services server and a Data Quality Services database on the server.
   EXCEL:-	Connects to an Excel workbook file.
   FILE:-	Connects to a file or a folder.
   FLATFILE:-	Connect to data in a single flat file.
   FTP:-	Connect to an FTP server.
   HTTP:-	Connects to a webserver.
   MSMQ:-	Connects to a message queue.
   MSOLAP100:-	Connects to an instance of SQL Server Analysis Services or an Analysis Services project.
   MULTIFILE:-	Connects to multiple files and folders.
   MULTIFLATFILE:-	Connects to multiple data files and folders.
   OLEDB:-	Connects to a data source by using an OLE DB provider.
   ODBC:-	Connects to a data source by using ODBC.
   SMOServer:-	Connects to a SQL Server Management Objects (SMO) server.
   SMTP:-	Connects to an SMTP mail server.
   SQLMOBILE:-	Connects to a SQL Server Compact database.
   WMI:-	Connects to a server and specifies the scope of Windows Management Instrumentation (WMI) management on the server.
   
Connection Managers Available for Download
   ORACLE:- The Oracle connection manager is the connection manager component of the Microsoft Connector for Oracle by Attunity. 
            The Microsoft Connector for Oracle by Attunity also includes a source and a destination.
   SAPBI:- The SAP BI connection manager is the connection manager component of the Microsoft Connector for SAP BI. 
           The Microsoft Connector for SAP BI also includes a source and a destination.    
   TERADATA:- The Teradata connection manager is the connection manager component of the Microsoft Connector for Teradata by Attunity. 
               The Microsoft Connector for Teradata by Attunity also includes a source and a destination.   
               
• What is the use of Bulk Insert Task in SSIS?
   Bulk Insert Task is used to upload large amount of data from flat files into Sql Server. 
   It supports only OLE DB connections for destination database.

• What is Conditional Split transformation in SSIS?
   This is just like IF condition which checks for the given condition and based on the condition evaluation, 
   the output will be sent to the appropriate OUTPUT path. It has ONE input and MANY outputs. 
   Conditional Split transformation is used to send paths to different outputs based on some conditions. 
   For example, we can organize the transform for the students in a class who have marks greater than 40 to one path 
   and the students who score less than 40 to another path.
   
• How do you eliminate quotes from being uploaded from a flat file to SQL Server? 
   This can be done using TEXT QUALIFIER property. In the SSIS package on the Flat File Connection Manager Editor, 
   enter quotes into the Text qualifier field then preview the data to ensure the quotes are not included.   
   
• Can you explain how to setup a checkpoint file in SSIS?
   Checkpoint in SSIS:- Restart of packages from point of failure

